Fail strategies (#64)
yiisoft/yii-queue: docs/guide/error-handling.md

- `maxAttempts` - Maximum attempts count for this strategy with the given $id before it will give up.
- `queue` - The strategy will send the message to the given queue when it's not `null`. That means you can use this strategy to push a message not to the same queue channel it came from. When the `queue` parameter is set to `null`, a message will be sent to the same channel it came from.

### ExponentialDelayMiddleware

This strategy does the same thing as the `SendAgainMiddleware` with a single difference: it resends a message with an exponentially increasing delay. The delay **must** be implemented by the used `AdapterInterface` implementation.

It's configured via constructor parameters, too. Here they are:

- `id` - A unique string allows to use this strategy more than once for the same message, just like in example above.
- `maxAttempts` - Maximum attempts count for this strategy with the given $id before it will give up.
- `delayInitial` - The initial delay that will be applied to a message for the first time. It must be a positive float. 
- `delayMaximum` - The maximum delay which can be applied to a single message. Must be above the `delayInitial`.

> - `exponent` - Message handling delay will be increased by this multiplication each time it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exponent` - Message handling delay will be muliplied by exponent each time it fails.
```
